https://codepen.io/Feline-divine/pen/MWKWYxR?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTMl markups that reinforce hierarchy of information
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext Markup Language creates simple electronic documents
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes define additional characteristics or properties of the element like style, width, height. They are enclosed in "".
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 Is used for the page title. It should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href, src must display attribute value
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head tag can contain the document title, doc styles, or font styles
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a specific value assigned to an element in HTMl. In CSS, tasks are assigned to that specific id
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id identifies a single element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a value assigned to a group of elements in HTMl. In CSS, tasks are assigned to that class to affect the entire group
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class may be assigned to a group of elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    A class may be used multiple times in HTML and CSS
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags)
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a semantic container for hierarchy, while a div is purely for organization
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style HTML (fonts, colors, borders, etc.)
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
        information goes here
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class selects a group of material, while an id controls a single item. 
    Class can be used to adjust the background of an entire section with a title and paragraph.
    Id would affect a single title or element, for a hover state.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .(classname){
        info goes here
    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human{
        info goes here
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent selectors apply to large, general sections of code, while child selectors are nested inside parents and apply to more specific elements in the group. More specific always overrides general
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a:links .sidebar {
                info goes here
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element (ie - :hover, :active, :drop)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    CSS line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    CSS letter-spacing(: 2px) property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase
    text-transform: lowercase
    text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: dotted;
        border-width: 1px;
        border-color: Black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{
        info goes here
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd or cd .. ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm This action is permanent and there is no warning modal before deletion
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It is important for documents that undergo a lot of revision and redrafting by different users, especially if they make a mistake and need to go back
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every hour-half hour
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork your projrect, add your TL, clone your repo, in Terminal use cd command to see where to paste clone
    use git clone <link-to-repo> to paste clone in your directory, cd into the new repo using the cd <repo-name>,
    command git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create own branch, after adding changes git add . will add the repo changes,
    git commit -m "comment to help you remember" will commit the changes with a message, git push -u origin branch-name pushes
    all commits from local machine up onto github, click New pull request from Branch:master dropdown button on Github to commit, 
    click the base repository dropdown button on the PR page - make sure to change it to your FORKED REPO then click 
    Create Pull Request.
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline element doesn’t start on a new line and only occupies the width it requires
    Block elements will start on a new line and occupy the full width available. You can also set width and height values.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Absolute position allows you to place any page element exactly where you want it. You use the positioning attributes top, left, bottom, and right to set the location inside the parent element
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
